DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Home Sweet Home\"
Yes! We won!
Daisy?
[applause]
CLAYF: I hate to admit it
but, I never expected you to pass this test!
And now, there just might be a chance to save Vestroia!
Thanks guys!
Thank you! Thank you!
Hey wait!
What...
I'm sorry about how I behaved, old \"me\".
Thanks to Preyus I think I understand things now...
From this moment on I promise I'll be happy
with the person I used to be.
So thank you...
and I hope we can be friends
if there are no hard feelings.
FROSCH: Very well done, my boy, very well done.
You won the battle and you passed the test!
I will now send you back to your friends...
my new Aquos Soldier!
Thank you!
Goodbye!
Goodbye now!
Take care!
Goodbye!
Skyress...
Everything is going to be okay.
I know that now.
OBERUS: I sometimes wonder
if there will ever be a tomorrow here
but I haven't given up hope yet!
Please don't!
I know tomorrow will be better...
Hopefully for both our worlds...
SKYRESS: You can trust him Oberus!
I know I can...
You and your friends have many more battles
ahead of you Shun.
If you are true to one another you will win them all.
Good luck.
Yeah we did it!
I concede defeat...
You surprised me, young lady.
Now go.
Join your friends and tell them of your victory.
Especially Dan!
He will be so proud of you...
It was a blast Runo!
Catch ya later!
Way to go!
You were awesome, Tigrerra!
And I really gotta thank you for teaching me not to be so
stubborn all the time!
And I have you to thank for allowing me to evolve, Runo!
[\u266a]
[screaming]
CLAYF: You have passed the tests.
FROSCH: You have proven yourselves
to be worthy soldiers...
OBERUS: The fate of Vestroia is in your hands.
LARS LION: We are counting on you.
Don't let us down.
APOLLONIR: Only you can return Vestroia
to its original state!
It's up to you now.
EXEDRA: They are indeed a powerful team
but the one who leads them I'm not so sure about.
We're home...
The soldiers of Vestroia kept their promise Drago...
But we still have one more test to pass Dan.
That's right.
Dan!
Hey Dan!
Welcome back Dan!
Danny boy!
Hi guys!
Runo?
[evil laughter]
Marucho?
Julie?
Shun?
Dan it sure is good to see you again!
So I guess you passed your test
just like the rest of us!
Yeah... You bet...
Hey Dan is something bothering you?
Huh? Oh, it's nothing.
It's really nothing.
Everything's a-okay! Hey!
What could be wrong, we all made it back
from the Doom Dimension didn't we?
Uh? Yes that's right... Of course Dan!
Once you have defeated your friends,
only then will your Dragonoid be able to evolve
into the Ultimate Bakugan!
[growling]
Something wrong Draggie?
You not feeling well?
Ah it's probably just growing pains!
And what exactly do you mean by that?
He evolved right?
Of course he did!
He's just been through a lot!
Give him a break!
Our trip to the Doom Dimension really put
the whammy on these guys!
How cute...They're just like those comedians
that are on T.V.
Yuh, You need cable!
THINKING: They're all my friends
but the only way Drago can become an Ultimate Bakugan
is if I defeat every one of them.
So you're the great Masquerade?
That's right and I've come to take the Infinity Core from you!
Let's battle!
We're ready...Right Wavern?
I can take him Joe...I know it!
You have to battle...
You don't have a choice.
I know and I think it would be better if you let me
handle this one on my own.
I don't want to see you end up in the Doom Dimension
like the other Brawlers.
Can you beat him?
There's nobody better than me!
You know that!
Field open?
Field open!
Doom card set!
Gate card open!
I'm in!
Bakugan brawl!
Darkus Laserman stand!
You're up! Wavern!
All right! Put me in!
Bakugan brawl!
Wavern stand!
[\u266a]
I know you don't want my help
but I'll be cheering for you Wavern!
You're the best!
Go get 'em!
Thanks Joe ...Don't worry this shouldn't take too long!
BAKUPOD: Bakugan recognized.
Your Bakugan is very powerful!
Gate card, open.
BAKUPOD: Increase of 200 G's detected!
Ability card...Activate!
Spice Slayer!
BAKUPOD: Power level transfer recognized!
He's at 690 G's!
Not too shabby Masquerade!
You really mean business huh?
Joe!
Yeah? I'm on it!
Ability card activate!
Spirit eye flash!
BAKUPOD: Darkus laserman minus 400 g's!
Gotcha!
That ability card effects your gate card's energy...
It switches the power level to a negative number!
He's all yours Wavern!
Yeah! That's it!
That was awesome Wavern!
I told you I could handle him!
Gate card...Set!
Bakugan brawl!
Darkus Centipoid stand!
One more time...Okay?
No problem!
Bakugan brawl!
Wavern stand!
THINKING: Wavern won't be able to hold on to the Infinity Core
if she hasn't become an Ultimate Bakugan...
BAKUPOD: Bakugan recognized!
THINKING: If Wavern is an Ultimate Bakugan
then this could be difficult
but I'll have to find out.
Oh no Wavern!
If you can't hold on to the Infinity Core
then we'll stop!
No, I'm okay... Let's keep going!
Gate card...Open!
This should prove it!
Only an Ultimate Bakugan can control the immense power
of the Infinity Core.
Naga could do it...He has control over the Silent Core
and soon he will have the power of the Infinity Core
at his command.
Ability card activate!
Big Bang Blaze!
BAKUPOD: Power level increase for Wavern!
Big Bang Blaze...
It completely cancels out any one of the ability,
command, special or character cards
of an opponent on the battlefield.
...Best of all it lets me reuse one of the ability cards
that I've already used!
And it only works for Wavern!
THINKING: Is the existence of an Ultimate Bakugan
just a legend?
Perhaps there is no such thing as an ultimate evolution
to begin with?
If that's true then that would mean that even
Dual Hydranoid, who hasn't gotten to the point
of ultimate evolution
could still get me the Infinity Core....
It's risky but it's a chance I've got to take...
The Infinity Core is within my reach and I must have it!
Naga must have it!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Dual Hydranoid!
Now we'll see who's the real Ultimate Bakugan!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
[loud roar]
Dual Hydranoid!
BAKUPOD: Dual Hydranoid's power level at 480 G's!
Wavern your power level might be higher...
...But watch yourself!
Don't worry I will!
Bakugan brawl!
Wavern stand!
BAKUPOD: Wavern has entered the battle.
Are two heads really better than one?
I don't think so!
Dual Hydranoid's brought a lot of negative energy
to this battle and I know just the thing to get rid of it!
I can clear the field
using the Infinity Core's positive energy!
It's no good!
I'm going to need more power for it to work!
Gate card...Open!
BAKUPOD: Wavern power level increase to 600 G's.
That's it Wavern!
You've got him now!
Oh no you don't!
Ability card activate...
Darkus Gazer Exedra!
BAKUPOD: Dual Hydranoid's power level increase
to 580 Gs.
That's all right!
At least Wavern's power level is still higher!
Wavern...I know just the thing
that will get the Infinity Core away from you!
Fusion ability card activate!
Now...Destruction impact!
Hey! He destroyed my gate card!
[struggling]
Wavern!
BAKUPOD: Power level transfer and increase to Dual Hydranoid!
No! Wavern has a lower power level!
[struggling]
Surrender!
...Or be destroyed!
Wavern...Don't give up!
Soon the Infinity Core will be all mine!
The more negative energy you fire at me,
the stronger the Infinity Core shines!
You will not beat me Masquerade!
JOE: My ability card is changing on its own?
Shining Pyrus!
-What's happening? -I don't know!
Shining Pyrus...
It can switch the basic power levels on the field...
...Including the gate and ability cards as well!
BAKUPOD: Power level transfer
from Dual Hydranoid to Wavern completed.
I can't believe I lost...
[evil laugh]
Masquerade,
I want you to give my brother Naga a message.
Tell him to put a stop to his plan
of destroying Vestroia...
Wavern?
If he agrees to this,
then I will give him the Infinity Core.
But if he insists on using it so that he can have
the ultimate power for himself,
then he will never get his claws on it!
I will make sure of that!
I'm not your messenger so why don't you tell him yourself!
Masquerade you know Naga only wants to use
the Infinity Core for evil!
Why are you working for him anyway?
I have my reasons...
Hi I'm home!
Runo?
You're back?
Hi ya Runo!
That's her!
Welcome home!
Hello everybody!
Hey? Where's Alice?
You just missed her.
She went into town to run a few errands...
...But we're expecting her back any minute now!
Awwwww!
That's too bad...
I was really looking forward to seeing her.
Hey Runo, I'm not too busy I'd love to hear
all about your adventures.
-Where'd ya go? -Was it fun?
Did you have a good time?
Yeah I guess so...
AH! Dad!
Who are these guys?
Oh just some fans!
Now let's have a big smile!
Sheesh!
What a zoo!
My Bakugan!
You're back!
Oh it's so good to see you!
MARUCHO: Hi Mom! Hi Dad!
I'm home and I brought a couple of friends with me!
Ah... Marucho...
I trust your trip overseas was a successful one.
Go on, we'd love to hear all about it.
Uh?
Well I uh...
As long as the Infinity core stays hidden inside Wavern,
its another level of protection against Naga.
Come on, you've all got a case of doom and gloom.
I told them all along they had absolutely
nothing to worry about.
Ahh... Julie's correct.
Yeah we're good as new...for sure!
[laughter]
Dan....Please come home soon...I really miss you.
It's bed time.
[creaking]
Who's there?
Oh...
Surprise! I got ya! I'm home!
[crying]
I really missed you to Mom.
Don't cry.
So that's pretty much what went down...
If we don't do something then all of Vestroia -
Drago's world - will be completely destroyed.
Yeah...I know it sounds like a crazy story...
I didn't believe it at first until Drago convinced me
that it was real.
We went to a place called the Doom Dimension and I saw
for myself what was really happening.
There's this guy called Hal-G and he's partly
responsible for this mess.
He wants to use the Bakugan for his own evil purposes
but we can't let him get away with it.
And there are others too.
Like this creep called Masquerade.
He wants to get rid of all the Bakugan by sending them
to the Doom Dimension!
But I know the Brawlers are up for this challenge...
We can take 'em!
And with the help of our Bakugan I know we can't lose!
So that's it...
I have to help save the Bakugan world
because I know they'll do the same for us
if our world gets in trouble!
The Bakugan are my friends and I'd do anything for a friend!
Thank you Dan.
Ha!
I don't know what I was thinking...
I must be going bonkers if I expect you to believe
a story like that Mom!
I believe...
Come on Dan...I am your mother, remember?
Gee, thanks Mom.
You're very lucky Dan...Huh?
Whoa?
This one's got quite a deep voice.
What? You mean you can hear me?
For real?
For real!
Listen now Drago...
You take care of my Dan...
...Promise me!
Uh yes Ma'am.
I'd like to ask you something...Doctor HAL-G...
...Or...Doctor Michael!
Ha!
I haven't been called that name in a very long time.
Your Dimension Transporter System
has been a great asset to me...
...With it I'm able to transport myself
from one place to another.
That's what it's for!
Tell me...
Would it work in the Doom Dimension?
[evil chuckle]
Of course I designed the Dimension Transporter System
to work anywhere.
Very well then...
It's only a matter of time
before I get my hands on the Infinity Core.
DAN: Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
Masquerade tries to find a way to make Hydranoid evolve
and become an Ultimate Bakugan
because he wants the Infinity Core real bad!
And all the other Brawlers are eager
to make their Bakugan evolve too.
Sure that's easy for them to say,
they've already passed their tests
but me and Drago haven't!
Our final test is to beat all the other Brawlers in battle
but I'm not to stoked about that scenario!
Looks like it's gonna be me versus Julie and Marucho next.
Bakugan Brawl! See ya!